Choerry: I think a Banana milk commercial would be well matched with you!
Chuu: Banana milk?
Choerry: Yes. Please do it one time!
Chuu: Sorry!
HyunJin: I think ice cream commercial will be well matched with you.
Chuu: B**skin R**bins 31!!
Chuu: I’m parched with thirst because my turn is coming….
Chuu: Why am I so nervous?
Chuu: I heard the concept is 6
HeeJin: 6 colors?
Chuu: 6 years old!
HeeJin: Ah~ 6 years old~
HeeJin:  Uh!? You had freckle makeup on!
Chuu: Right!
Chuu: A lot of freckle.
HeeJin: Chuu, look at this~
HeeJin: Your freckle!
(Zoom in to see her freckle!)
HeeJin: I think she looks like…Pippi Longstocking…
Chuu: I think so~
HeeJin: I don’t know if you know..
HeeJin: She’s older than me.
HeeJin: Most people didn’t expect it...
HeeJin: Chuu unnie~
Chuu: It’s Chuu~